readme.md, before:

# just a record of app academy tasks / simple js functions and / or projects

## functions included:

+ search array for word (**wordWithinArray**)
+ sum of first/last values of even arrays, difference of first/last values of odd arrays (**firstAndLast**)
+ combine arrays (**combineArray**)
+ check for 3 consecutive numbers in array (**threeIncreasing**)
+ check for an included value in an array (**myIncludes**)
+ check for first occurrence of a value within an array (**myIndexOf**)
+ sum of an array (**sumArray**)
+ product of an array (**productWithReduce**)
+ create a new array with each value from prev. array doubled (**doubler**)
+ check if a number is prime (**isPrime**)
+ calculate Laligat Sum of a number (**laligatSum**)
+ searches for only prime numbers in a target array (**choosePrimes**)
+ searches for closest prime number greater than the target number (**nextPrime**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **isPrime**
+ returns an array of numbers that are both PRIME and FACTORS of target number (**primeFactors**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **isPrime**
+ count all divisors of a number (**countDivisors**)
+ check if a number is anti-prime (**isAntiPrime**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **countDivisors**
+ count vowels in a string (**vowelCounter**)
+ calculate which word in a sentence has the most vowels (**mostVowels**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **vowelCounter**
+ return value of half of an array's sum if the array contains said half value (**allElseEqual**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **sumArray**
+ check if an inputted value / variable is a number (**checkIfNumber**)
+ check if an inputted value / variable is an array (**checkIfArray**)
+ check a string for pairs of consecutive letters (**hasDoubleLetter**)
+ searches string for first vowel (**firstVowel**)
+ searches string for last vowel (**lastVowel**)
+ searches for smallest value in an array (**minValue**)
+ calculates average of sum of all values within an array (**avgVal**)
+ searchest for largest value in an array (**maxValue**)
+ reverb a string (**reverb**)
+ searches for largest prime number that is less than target number (**prevPrime**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **isPrime**
+ mutate an array by adding a mutator value to each array value (**additionMutator**)

Commit message:

split functions into global / local

readme.md, after:

# collection of app academy tasks / simple js functions and / or project scripts

## all functions in functionsGlobal use function declaration, while all functions in functionsLocal use function expression

## functions included:

+ search array for word (**wordWithinArray**)
+ sum of first/last values of even arrays, difference of first/last values of odd arrays (**firstAndLast**)
+ combine arrays (**combineArray**)
+ check for 3 consecutive numbers in array (**threeIncreasing**)
+ check for an included value in an array (**myIncludes**)
+ check for first occurrence of a value within an array (**myIndexOf**)
+ sum of an array (**sumArray**)
+ product of an array (**productWithReduce**)
+ create a new array with each value from prev. array doubled (**doubler**)
+ check if a number is prime (**isPrime**)
+ calculate Laligat Sum of a number (**laligatSum**)
+ searches for only prime numbers in a target array (**choosePrimes**)
+ searches for closest prime number greater than the target number (**nextPrime**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **isPrime**
+ returns an array of numbers that are both PRIME and FACTORS of target number (**primeFactors**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **isPrime**
+ count all divisors of a number (**countDivisors**)
+ check if a number is anti-prime (**isAntiPrime**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **countDivisors**
+ count vowels in a string (**vowelCounter**)
+ calculate which word in a sentence has the most vowels (**mostVowels**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **vowelCounter**
+ return value of half of an array's sum if the array contains said half value (**allElseEqual**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **sumArray**
+ check if an inputted value / variable is a number (**checkIfNumber**)
+ check if an inputted value / variable is an array (**checkIfArray**)
+ check a string for pairs of consecutive letters (**hasDoubleLetter**)
+ searches string for first vowel (**firstVowel**)
+ searches string for last vowel (**lastVowel**)
+ searches for smallest value in an array (**minValue**)
+ calculates average of sum of all values within an array (**avgVal**)
+ searchest for largest value in an array (**maxValue**)
+ reverb a string (**reverb**)
+ searches for largest prime number that is less than target number (**prevPrime**)
    > __Note__ dependencies: **isPrime**
+ mutate an array by adding a mutator value to each array value (**additionMutator**)
